Basic Information: owlin, she/her, late 30s.

Appearance: As one expects of a queen Ambrette wears the colours of the royal [[House Camelot]], though the intricacies of the deign may vary it is often a large chequered dress of blue and white. These colours, as well as the legitimacy of her royal status are proven too by her plumage, with a white head but a blue feathered neck. Though it is wrapped around the royal sceptre, close observers can note the typical calices on her right hand of someone who avidly practices the sling.

Tone and Mannerisms: Ambrette speaks in measured tones and there seems to be a superficial coldness to her words. In drawn out meetings cracks of impatience show in her and have been the cause of many a rumour in [[Emeraldreach]].

History and Goals: Ambrette was born as the only child of the now comatose [[Henry Camelot]], the previous king. Much of her early childhood was spent figuring out how to sneak past guards and into the forest around the royal castle near [[Cyradil]], at this point in her life she idolized [[The Royal Rangers]] and through a twist of fate came to meet one apprentice at the age of 12 who was being trained.  Through this friendship she developed and when witch hunter took the apprentice, [[Will Holter]], she too got taken with no knowledge of her lineage. For a full year her and Will were sold as thralls, escaped and survived a winter in southern [[Aslava]], this is one of the reasons for the current tense political climate between the two nations. at he 17th birthday a failed assassination attempt left her father comatose and with her needing to defend her position as rightful heir to the throne. Her past gives her a great will to protect others, those seeking protection from any form of [[Araluuen]] law must treat prisoners humanely and never commit nor facilitate an act of enslaving or indenturing. Since her rise to power foreign policy has become one of receiving refugees from zones of conflict and facilitating their evacuation.