The realm of enchantment is one of constant conflict and faith. Having been isolated and driven into the mountains after the great war over 10000 years ago the peoples of this realm learned to set aside every difference and found a common point of origin, the earth. Consequently they understood that the gods had failed them and the only true idol they could hold was the earth itself that now protected them within the mountains, this belief only strengthened as they took root, beginning to stand and build fortresses against the raids of the worshippers of the 4 fallen gods, swapping worship for harnessing the earth, learning to weave steel and rock as children of the natural world. A philosophy grew, the people would be as the stone itsself, win or break, there would be no conceding, no bending, no retreat, every charge was a commitment and every fortress would be held by every person within it, every man, woman and child would learn to defend the earth against those that would defile it. Death was simply a return to the sacred earth, and to deprive the earth of that, be it through necromancy or cremation became the greatest sin. Strength became the true form of worship, and there is no holier endeavour than to use it to protect the earth and to return others to it. With this the first lords took to the battlefield and earned the first forged [[Bloodsteel Blades]] in the Battle of [[Turtzuorua]] that marked the first great victory against the servants of the fallen gods. These lords, [[The Reclaimers]] then began noble bloodlines that over time reconquered the realm and founded their fiefdoms and bloodlines, now numbering over 100 across both continents that took over 1000 years to reconquer.
Now, millennia later the servants of the fallen hide and only rise to strike, at such times every family must discard their heraldry and colour of their house, don cloth over their armour of the sacred colour of the earth and march as one to smite those who pervert the land.