**Quest Type**: Combat/Dungeon Crawl 
**Quest Giver**: [[Cassia Crispus]] 
**Plot**: A caravan from Ligna that had called ahead to collect some potions never appeared a week after they should have arrived. 
**Objective**: 
The party must search the road between [[Ligna]] and [[Dertona]] to find the remnants of the caravan. After finding the caravan stopped in a clearing near the road they find the rotting remains of the family that had been traveling to [[Dertona]]. On a successful DC 17 lore (Medicine) check they can identify the malady as the bubonic plague, any player entering the cart with the remains of the family must succeed a DC 17 fortitude save or contract the bubonic plague. On a successful survival check outside the caravan, the players can see that a week ago someone took one of the horses on a ride to the west. 

Tracking these tracks the player can come across a wide area of a river that meets the Ligna River with a tower on an island in the centre, on the edges of the river the players can find the remnants of a dock burned long ago with its boats but the swim to the island isn't too difficult. Over the years multiple names have been scratched into the less damaged posts of the docks, an easy investigation check will reveal as well the remnants of an old camp from around the time the docks burned, with a few old and rusted tools and rotted remnants of arrows. An old makeshift flag with many holes from the years can be found in an old leather knapsack. If the players choose to approach the tower they will find it infested with rats and Festrogs that the players must fight to reach the tower. The tower itself is home to a corrupted relic in the form of [[Jeaun Moreau]]'s necklace that he gave to his beloved [[Maria Lucilian]] whose vengeful spirit now inhabits the necklace. She will approach the party as an apparition of herself well dressed and youthful and explain that she has been trapped in this tower for years awaiting the return of her beloved [[Jeaun Moreau]]. The players can attempt to sense motive, on a success they can tell that this is not Maria's true form and that her intentions for Jeaun are not good. 

If the players show any adult villager from the area the flag they found at the camp near the tower they will be told a story of an old group of ruffians that ran afoul of the law and were killed by a militia after one of their members told the locals where they were camped out some 10 or 15 years ago, They called themselves the boars. [[Maik Moritz]] led the militia that killed them, shortly after he had arrived at the time, which is how he gained the trust of the locals. 
If the players seek out [[Maik Moritz]] he will be friendly as can be but take on a sombre air when talking about the boars, having small shrines to every villager that died when they attacked the camp years earlier. Maik will point the players towards [[Mario Judas]], the boar that told the village where they were camped who now works in [[Canto do Carvalho]] a few miles south of Ligna.
[[Mario Judas]] is reluctant to speak of his passed but a medium intimidation or diplomacy check will get him to reveal what his band had been hired to do at the tower 20 years ago.

If the players return to Cassia she will be extremely concerned and ask that the party escort her to the caravan so she can properly care for the bodies and treat any player infected, giving them a +5 circumstance bonus to fortitude checks. Cassia will at this point provide the players with the rewards she promises at the start of the quest 3 minor healing potions and 2 potions of lesser healing. She will, however, request that once any afflicted members of the party are healed they make certain that Ligna is not under threat of plague (it is not) and if the party mentions the tower she will seem puzzled and say it belongs to a young Strix called [[Jeaun Moreau]] in [[Fonte Fria]] if she is told about [[Maria Lucilian]] she will recognize the name and know she died of the plague years ago but not know the story surrounding the event. 

[[Jeaun Moreau]] can be found in his Forest Chateau on the outskirts of [[Ligna]], he is 47 years old and still lives a lavish life, his secretary will do her best to keep the party from meeting him, on a successful dc 20 diplomacy check she will let the players meet him, otherwise the players will need to infiltrate the house, bypassing his security. On confronting Jeaun he will not want to return to the tower and will quickly draft a document passing ownership of the tower to the players hoping to pass on the problem instead of solving it, a successful dc 22 Diplomacy, deception, or intimidation check can convince him to come to the island. Upon entering the island Maria will approach him again in her youthful form and try to kiss Jeaun, at which point she will morph into the true form that she has as she lay dying dehydrated and diseased in that very tower, killing Jeaun, at this point she becomes mortal and the players can convince her to let them kill her with a dc 25 Diplomacy check, otherwise she will be too afraid of death and attempt to attack the players. 

The truth: 20 years ago a young [[Jeaun Moreau]] became enamoured with a farmer's daughter Called [[Maria Lucilian]] and treated her to many exotic goods and they lived in each other's company with a retinue of servants in his castle on the river. When an exotic pet arrived one day the plague began to spread across the island, fearing for his life [[Jeaun Moreau]] fled the island and had every boat burned and hired local bandits to fire at anyone trying to swim out of the island. He knowingly left [[Maria Lucilian]] in the tower of the castle to die of the plague not wanting to risk his own life. This left her cursing his name, letting her resentment aided by the faint traces of [[The Ghostheart Mechanism]] bind her soul to the necklace he gave her when he promised a long life together. Maria remains immortal so long as Jeaun remains alive, she wishes no harm on anyone other than him but can be angered, as happened by the son of the family that rode to the tower when she gave him the plague that killed her and then infected and killed his family.

**Rewards**: Whether or not the players solve the curse they will legally own the tower.