The Red Right Hand, originally called Cossus Gallera, brother of [[Cispia Galera]]. 5 years ago during his [[Ad Aetatem Iter]] he faked leaving the [[Sierra Tiberius]] to attempt to investigate [[The Duke]]. To this end he had various camps erected throughout the forest. Although ultimately unsuccessfull he did manage to find a [[Ghostheart Amulet]] that he gave to his sister [[Cispia Galera]] before getting abduted by [[The Duke]] and being turned into one of [[The Dukes Retinue]].

## Early Life
Born in [[Tolosa]] Cossus Galera was a curious young girl, and happily followed in her father's, [[Flavius Gallera]]'s, footsteps in trying to help the everyman and would often accompany him when travelling the [[Sierra Tiberius]] to bring herbal and medical aid to the small villages in the region, treating the sick with local herbs and cures. 5 years older than her sister Cossus developed well from her time on the road and was renowned for her prowess in a fight by her 16th year, there even being [[Rumours in the Sierra]] that she once single headedly fought off a great eagle on her own when her father was attacked while gathering herbs on one of the peaks. When it came time to leave due to her [[Ad Aetatem Iter]] she instead remained in the area to try to discretely investigate [[The Duke]] for any weakness. 

## Capture
Despite her best efforts Cossus was eventually captured by [[The Duke]] and his men. Recognizing his strength [[The Duke]] chose to convert her rather than kill her. Forcing on her the blood of the Lycan the Duke broke down Cossus. In her first night of hunger [[The Duke]] brought him a meal Cossus would never forget, her own beloved Father.