- **Name:** Jarl Ferrimund Carston, Ironheart, Bearheart.
- **Race:** Human.
- **Age and Appearance:** 46. Jarl Ferrimund is a man in his late 40s as evidenced by his greying hair which he keeps short except for his well kept beard. He has cold grey eyes that seem to stare directly into the souls of others. He is always seen wearing his [[Haxjagere]] uniform and his ceremonial bear pelt with his rune etched blade at his hip. He has deep grooves in his face from time spent in the unforgiving sun or in harsh blizzards as well as scars left from a life of battles and service. 
- **Personality:** Jarl Ferrimund is an unforgiving demanding bastion of determination and discipline. Many are the rumours that he has never smiled nor forgiven. His personal connections are few and almost nothing is known of his personal life as he has kept his family separate from many public knowledge so as to not show weakness or give others avenues to target him. He cares deeply about his wife and daughter in his own way in accordance with the roles set out by Aslavan culture.
- **Motivation:** Jarl Ferrimund is fanatical even by witch hunter standards, believing strength and faith to be 2 of the only absolutes in the world. To him those 2 traits are a crutch of sorts. He believes the world is unjust and the teachings of [[Thalassa]] to [[The Sect of the Wellspring]] are the only things that can bring a semblance of order to the world.
- **Skills and Abilities:** When it comes to martial prowess Jarl Ferrimund is one brought up in conversation when discussing the most skilled melee fighters in the known world, alongside [[Marshall Teach]], [[Imeyna Baskerville Camelot]] and [[Shasay Mirmakud]]. It is incredibly difficult to use any kind of magic in the presence of Jarl Ferrimund as he has honed himself to take on the most skilled of spellcasters.
- **Strengths and Weaknesses:** The ultimate weakness that he possesses are his blind devotion to [[The Sect of the Wellspring]] and his daughter [[Lizbet Carston]].
- **Backstory:** Almost nothing is known of Ferrimund before he became the leader of the witch hunters and this is his intention, his first act once he became the leader was to wipe all official records of his past and to make stricter regulations on record keeping of other witch hunters and trainees, turning the [[Haxjagere]] even more secretive than they were before. In his time as Arvjagere General he has instated many more regulations and contingencies to deepen the influence of the organization, transferring many military facilities into dedicated facilities for Haxjagere use such as the one in [[Hammerfall Bastion]]. Many recent breakthroughs including [[Arcane Resevoirs]] and [[SteelBirds]] have been results coming from these facilities whose research is morally questionable at best.
- **Relationships:** 
	- [[Lizbet Carston]]: Lizbet is his daughter whom he sent to the [[Sisterhood of the Wellspring]] in [[Alestad]] a year before the undead outbreak in hopes of instilling true Aslavan values into his rebellious daughter, though he loves her his fanaticism do not let him accept that she wishes to be more than a wife to a successful man. Their relationship was already strained but after he disappearance following the outbreak Ferrimund has been beyond concerned, though he does not show it.
	- [[Frenissa Carston]]: Ferrimund loves his wife and they have a relatively successful marriage, she also believes in the purity of the teachings of [[The Sect of the Wellspring]] and as such strives to be the ideal maiden as laid out by the standards of those teachings, silencing her own thoughts of being free of those shackles.
	- [[Matthias Krincke]]: Having personally trained Matthias, his betrayal of the [[Haxjagere]] greatly concerns Ferrimund and has made him create stricter regulations and teachings for new recruits even considering the use of certain drugs to make the minds of young [[Haxjagere]] recruits more malleable in order to increase their fanaticism.
	- [[Eiric Vols]]: Due to Eiric's sickness Ferrimund views him as unworthy of the throne of Aslava and it concerns him that [[Florentine Vols]] is unable to produce another heir, in fact 2 of the Haxjagere research stations are geared towards the causes and solutions to infertility or alternative methods of conception, [[Hammerfall Bastion]] having been one such station.
- **Role in the Story:** Antagonist.