Once upon a time, before the founding of the clans, when [[Maximus Reach]] stood even taller than it does today there was a warrior, with the face of a lion and a coat of snow white fur. The enemies of Maximus were untold, the children of fallen parents. This warrior was the son of one of the fallen, yet he remained loyal to the true gods. Caught in the first great betrayal he fought and felled traitors in their untold hundreds, forever staining his fur red, such is the reason the banner of our clan is crimson.
Once he escaped the treachery of the first betrayal him and his companions found the first fallen and fought him as an aspect of death itself, while all others fought valiantly is was the great Son that wrestled an avatar of death and evil itself to a standstill, as others fired arrow after spell after arrow he held the line with blade and shield in hand. Eventually the Son and his friends defeated the first fallen and parted ways, for while the head had been severed the damage had been done and the countless other sons of the fallen were heaving cities into bloody pools of slaughter. One of the last bastions of order was maximus reach and that was where the son chose to defend, as he saw strength in our righteous ancestors. For days he manned the garrison and rallied the men at siege. After months the gates fell and the enemies began to pour in, as the horns sounded to follow the grand emperor into the promised land the son alone held the line for those who needed to retreat, for 10 days and 10 nights he fought tearing through the betrayer's legions in a show of martial might and discipline. It is said that on the fields of battle and on the walls of Maximus reach his roar can still sometimes be heard, calling out a challenge to any traitors and deserters.
-common fairy tale told to children in clan maximus